{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 S&P Letters Data\uc0\u8232 We collected information on the variables using all the block groups in California from the 1990 Cens us. In this sample a block group on average includes 1425.5 individuals living in a geographically co mpact area. Naturally, the geographical area included varies inversely with the population density. W e computed distances among the centroids of each block group as measured in latitude and longitude. W e excluded all the block groups reporting zero entries for the independent and dependent variables. T he final data contained 20,640 observations on 9 variables. The dependent variable is ln(median house value).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2                                Bols    tols\
INTERCEPT		       11.4939 275.7518\
MEDIAN INCOME	       0.4790  45.7768\
MEDIAN INCOME2	       -0.0166 -9.4841\
MEDIAN INCOME3	       -0.0002 -1.9157\
ln(MEDIAN AGE)	       0.1570  33.6123\
ln(TOTAL ROOMS/ POPULATION)    -0.8582 -56.1280\
ln(BEDROOMS/ POPULATION)       0.8043  38.0685\
ln(POPULATION/ HOUSEHOLDS)     -0.4077 -20.8762\
ln(HOUSEHOLDS)	       0.0477  13.0792\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 The file contains all the the variables. Specifically, it contains median house value, med ian income, housing median age, total rooms, total bedrooms, population, households, latitude, and lo ngitude in that order.}